

acceptedTaxonID: this is a unique identification code for each taxon based on codes from NEON: 
	https://data.neonscience.org/data-api/endpoints/taxonomy/
	
taxonRank: this is the lowest level for the taxonomic level within a row

scientificName: this is the scientific name that an organism was identified to (used to match this full taxonomic dataset to the macro dataset)

organism_aggr: the unique name for each organism aggregated for some organisms.	
	Some species are aggregated into a genus (especially a lot of the mayflies, stoneflies, and caddisflies), family (midges), or class (segmented worms)

phylum - species: these columns are the taxonomic names (if present) for the organism in that row

taxa.notes: notes about the taxonomy


tolerance: tolerance for the organism of that type
	The tolerance is the tolerance to organic pollution used to calculate the Hilsenhof Biotic Index.  Most tolerance values used were
	taken from the following resources
	
	Stream Biomonitoring Unit Staff.  2012. Standard operating Procedure: Biological monitoring of surface waters in New York State.  
	New York State Department of Environmental Conservation Division of Water.  Albany, NY.
	
	Aquatic Bioassessment Laboratory. 2003. List of California macroinvertebrate taxa and standard taxonomic effort. 
	California Department of Fish and Game. Rancho Cordova, CA.
	https://www.safit.org/Docs/CABW_std_taxonomic_effort.pdf

FFG: Primary functional feeding group of that organism

	cf - filtering collector 	dominant food: filter feeders or suspension feeders that eat decomposing fine particular matter (FPOM) 
	cg - gathering collector 	dominant food: gathers or deposit feeds on decomposing fine particular matter (FPOM) (includes surface film feeders)
	om - omnivore dominant food: eats a variety of things including plant, animal, and detritus	
	prc - piercer  dominant food: eats by piercing its prey.  
	prd - predator	dominant food: eats living animal tissue.  Often ingests whole or part of another animal
	scr - scraper	 dominant food: scrapes periphyton of surfaces (periphyton = algae and associated material attached to rocks and other substrata)
	sh - shredders 	dominant food: herbivore variety chew and mines live plant material, detritivore variety chews, bores, or gouges decomposing vascular plant 	tissue including wood (course particulate organic matter = CPOM)
	
FFG2: additional functional feeding groups an organism belongs to